flutter: update troubleshooting page (#14312)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/dart/guides/flutter/troubleshooting.mdx

The only exception is Windows ARM64 which uses `breakpad`.
If you encounter any issues, you can set the `SENTRY_NATIVE_BACKEND` environment variable to an empty string to disable native crash reporting.

### Crashpad Compile Error

On Linux, compiling your Flutter Desktop app with the crashpad backend can fail if your clang toolchain is out of date.

 - Update your clang to at least version 13, then try again.
 - If you still encounter errors, please file an issue on our [Sentry Dart GitHub repository](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dart/issues/).

> ### `SentryFlutter.init` throws an error `sentry_init` failed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `SentryFlutter.init` Throws a `sentry_init failed` Error
```

On Linux, `SentryFlutter.init` automatically tries to use the crashpad backend.

> There are cases where the Flutter tooling overrides the permission of the crashpad binary therefore failing the initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are cases where the Flutter tooling overrides the permission of the crashpad binary, causing the initialization to fail.
```
